Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Nicole Roybal: Hi, I'm sorry, Emily. As soon as I was about to sign in. I threw up.
Nicole Roybal: Oh no, yeah.
Nicole Roybal: It's weird because I haven't even taken my goal attention yet.
Nicole Roybal: I don't know, but I woke up like 30 minutes ago, and I was fine. Also, Instagram, and I came inside. I was getting ready to sign in setting up my little setup and then also I just went to the bathroom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I sure do wonder if you're pregnant.
Nicole Roybal: And they say no.
Gwenevere Abriel: One.
Nicole Roybal: I've had my period. I just ended my period like three days.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you said you've had your period. You've been menstruating. So it's not that
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what it is. Then we'll keep an eye on that.
Nicole Roybal: I don't want to pick me up. I was hoping that would be a though I can know what's wrong with me but
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to spend the whole time talking about this, but I just want to ask you. I want to get the origin of it date. So I want to, I want to understand. Did it start
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's start the program.
Gwenevere Abriel: And things are going along. Do you remember when the nausea started
Nicole Roybal: Lagging
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, when did it start, was it a month ago, or tell me
Nicole Roybal: I honestly don't even know it started, I
Nicole Roybal: Want to say like December.
Gwenevere Abriel: When did you start with us.
Nicole Roybal: With the throwing up right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. When did you start with right
Nicole Roybal: Oh, I started with you guys in
Nicole Roybal: September, October.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so wasn't just the onset of starting buprenorphine. It doesn't sound like it has anything to do with the buprenorphine.
Nicole Roybal: Oh, I was even taking it before this program.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got you. Okay. All right. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you are you having pain. Also, or no pain just just the Niger part
Nicole Roybal: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you having stomach pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pain stomach pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is just just nasza
Nicole Roybal: Empty like oh like gurgling like in my stomach because it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to put
Nicole Roybal: Stuff out that doesn't have
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, do you need to go eat just even a half a slice of bread. Do you want to see if that helps at all, just so that this morning is pleasant just even a little bit of a little half of muffin or some little piece of bread. Some carbohydrate or
Nicole Roybal: I feel fine. Now I can I do love I feel fine like completely fine. It's just like, it's just that moment. Once I feel the nausea and then I know I can feel the throw up coming out and then I'll just go throw up. And then after that, I'm fine.
Nicole Roybal: And nauseous it all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's I'm looking at the
Gwenevere Abriel: Only
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: So some of the things we did last time we're, we've really focused on sort of in vivo challenging irrational beliefs, meaning
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, hey, I don't know what this means and the people that I talked to on the phone are going to be dismissive and insensitive and you won't feel at your best. Did anything happen after you and I spoke. Did you take any further action with the with the school loan.
Nicole Roybal: I will. Okay, it's I called them and I was on hold for like 40 minutes and I went on hold people on the phone for the past couple of weeks.
Nicole Roybal: Quality People impressed actually
Nicole Roybal: At the call to pay off our couches. I mean down on your couches and have to call it a little bit. So I'm holding them to and plus I was calling the tuitions Nathan on hold with them and I just got tired of it didn't get a hold of that as
Nicole Roybal: Well, which was three hours on the phone waiting
Nicole Roybal: To sell four minutes of the call the period.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, Nicole. I want you to see this as
Gwenevere Abriel: A you did the task don't see it as that you didn't you made the call you prioritize where you wanted to put your patience. Your attention and 45 minutes is more than a reasonable amount of time to wait and then you just said, I don't want to spend any more time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe some other time. He'll give them a call. That's all. Okay, it isn't, it isn't a
Nicole Roybal: Great idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's not a fail because you made the call, you would have talked to them if they were on the phone, but they just didn't answer that's different than you not calling. Don't you think it's different.
Nicole Roybal: Like everything has crazy wait times right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Uh huh. But that's not you being afraid. That's everybody's making the call. Those are different.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's you i'm going to feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Stupid right I've
Gwenevere Abriel: Really been down on myself for it. Oh no, I don't see that at all. I, I like you made it. You waited even tennis would have been a win.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you. Oh yeah, I know you made the call and call that means you were in your solution you were going to find out what the real deal is. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see if we can have today, sort of moving away from those kinds of exercises and maybe we could do a little bit more psychotherapy. Spend a little less kind of do some of that I'm looking at some notes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will be a little bit of quiet while I'm looking, I'm just kind of keep munching away and and as I'm looking, you may consider
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe an area that you're feeling blocked around maybe you have wanted to solve something and you keep going at it your way. But still there. You are frustrated again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you may have something that you want to work on today, just if you notice it. You can let me know. Otherwise, I'll kind of come up with something
Nicole Roybal: Well, how the other day in a group therapy, towards the end. How I realized something about Daniel that um
Nicole Roybal: How I think that maybe he just loves me for my lip look I'm not the person I am. Oh, I've been. I told him I did. I wanted to ask them a question and important question.
Nicole Roybal: And later on, when he was home after work. I told him I want to ask you something important, and it's like yeah what's up. I'm like, Okay, get off your video game. First, I can't let go. It just started it and just like like automatic walk outside and smoke. But I don't know how
Nicole Roybal: I guess what I'm asking you can help me figure out how to ask them that question.
Nicole Roybal: I love them, say, do you really love me for me, or do you love me for my looks. But like, that's so such a blanket question like it needs to be a more in depth question I asked him.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take that
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's work with that one. Okay. And it may not be the way you're expecting
Gwenevere Abriel: We may get all the way to me, role playing different ways to do it. We may not
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's take what you just did what you want to ask is do you love me for my looks or for what
Nicole Roybal: We're who I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who I Am. Okay. Wow. And that radical acceptance exercise kind of brought this up.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're wondering what what is real. What's actually happening here. What does this man light.
Gwenevere Abriel: And love about me. Okay. All right. So can we start with
Gwenevere Abriel: Describe to me who you are.
Nicole Roybal: Say I'm outgoing
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, like
Nicole Roybal: What is the word for like
Nicole Roybal: Like
Nicole Roybal: A lot of energy. I
Nicole Roybal: Always feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just put a lot of energy.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah. Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. Okay.
Attitude.
Gwenevere Abriel: nice a nice attitude.
Nicole Roybal: No, I'm nice and I have attitude.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's a good
Gwenevere Abriel: Attitude. Let me hear a little bit more about attitude, just for me. So I understand it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So attitude is actually a category in my world and behavioral health, it would be, what's the emotion. What's her attitude. What's like it's an actual category.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I, I know a lot of people use it in general terms like oh he caught an attitude. Why you catching that right. It's like catch that with me little shit so
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it, but I'm going to play down for a second and see if you can give me a little bit more about what what you mean by attitude. So hold on. Remember it's you're telling me who you are so
Gwenevere Abriel: Slow way down. You don't have to answer right away really try and figure out what are a couple things that represent you. They fall into the category of I got attitude.
Nicole Roybal: Can be very blunt
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what
Nicole Roybal: About certain topics.
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Um,
Nicole Roybal: And other way I guess of attitude would be that I don't care what people are gonna think by what I say. I'm gonna say it. That's how I feel. Hey, I guess it kind of
Might be
Gwenevere Abriel: In order to be blunt, then you aren't preoccupied with caring about the reactions from someone you're still going to truth tell you're still going to tell the truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to leave it at blunt, but I might come back if you're adamant. You know, there's another piece to this that at this point it's blunt, it's, I'm going to say what I have to say, and I don't care what you think.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, kinda. But not only that, but sometimes you know when it comes to like if I get to that point, like we're fine like fighting like like a debate, I guess I'm fighting for something. I believe in. Then I'll be like,
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you believe in it. Wait, let me find out. Because what you believe in a part of who you are or no.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well what do you believe in
Nicole Roybal: Well, it depends on the topic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let me see what they are. What do you believe in strongly
Nicole Roybal: Hmm.
Nicole Roybal: I don't know.
Nicole Roybal: I don't know what I think deeply believe in, like, to a certain point, I believe in others. I believe in other people and that they could be better.
Nicole Roybal: And I believe
Nicole Roybal: I don't think I can think of right now, it sucks because it's been the only topic everywhere is I feel like I've been fighting everyone on the topic of this virus, like everyone is just that they joke about it and they act like it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Not it's not about. It's not about coven. The reason
Gwenevere Abriel: It has to do with um
Gwenevere Abriel: So take coven and you say,
Gwenevere Abriel: It is dangerous, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is a weapon.
Gwenevere Abriel: So a lot of things. So it's danger. So what's your value. What's the actual thing. You're valuing
Nicole Roybal: Guess what, I'm always looking for so little value my word.
Nicole Roybal: I never does. Like if I try so hard, but
Nicole Roybal: I guess what I need to believe in as myself, that's what I want to believe in, but I will. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hopefully, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're looking outside yourself for that right now.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I feel like that's the main thing like I want to believe it. And that's what I think I can't think of anything else. I believe in.
Nicole Roybal: What I want to believe
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm trying to pull something up here to get some more vocabulary in because it might be just, you may have things that you're trying to articulate and it might be just the ability to grab some words.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just see if it falls into
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm trying to see how I have it saved in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beliefs, I tried values that didn't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's under belief.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Come and a half to go old school here.
Gwenevere Abriel: The urge so on and I go over to a different place.
Gwenevere Abriel: From somewhere else.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what that is.
Gwenevere Abriel: A sweet or salty or both.
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can get a few that are nice and clear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Values. That's kind of clear
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's pull pull outside and instead, I want you to describe what you think I value.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can be wrong. I'm not going to be offended. What do you think I know you
Nicole Roybal: Like yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now you
Nicole Roybal: Answer that
Gwenevere Abriel: You just did. He said I value myself. What else
Nicole Roybal: Don't do like you you value is what I was asking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me try again. Nicole want you to tell me, we're doing an exercise. Instead of focusing on you. I want to look out, I want you to look at me and I want you to guess right when you do it. I think you value is this this business. What do you think I value.
Nicole Roybal: Say something wrong and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not. You don't know that yet. Nicole, but you can't piss me off. You can't offend me you are you are solar systems away. The only thing
Gwenevere Abriel: That you can do that would be in the category of inappropriate would be. Hey, one of your I've got a hit man after you. I want you dead.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you, are you even close to that. That would it be offensive that that's hostile or you started calling me names like you F and C and you sleep play to the date they think leave and I'm going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Play. Okay, so are you anywhere near there.
You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice that you're censoring a lot. You're censoring because you probably don't want to hurt my feelings or something. But that's not going to get you in.
Gwenevere Abriel: So give yourself permission. You only have this little square and you have seen me in this little square time after time you see me in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see me talk to other people.
Gwenevere Abriel: You only have what you see
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you've heard
Gwenevere Abriel: to base the best that you can, to see what I might value. I don't care. You don't know me I you don't even know how many kids do I even have kids like you don't know that. So how can you possibly be.
Gwenevere Abriel: On so don't worry about it. There's all this room wants you to just use your perception your visual perception your auditory perception your interpretation. After a group after individual therapy. What is it that you think I value.
Nicole Roybal: I think you value.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're censoring
Gwenevere Abriel: You're frozen mostly
Gwenevere Abriel: Client.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to be frozen like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's back. Great. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think
Gwenevere Abriel: My weight. Did it work. No, you're, you're clear to me. I can hear you and see you so little chunky, but mostly I can, I can see and hear you about, can you see and hear me.
Nicole Roybal: I just started to hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what is it that you think my let's say core values are. Oh, we wanted to make it that hard just any values at all. And yes, take care of yourself so
Nicole Roybal: What would you
Nicole Roybal: Define value values as exactly because I think I keep going. Another way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me which way you're going because you might be onto something.
Nicole Roybal: I think I just keep trying to like you know me, I talk too much over explain. Oh, I think I'm just trying to
Nicole Roybal: Something you care about.
Nicole Roybal: So that's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right, that's right. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, then I guess I wasn't going the wrong way.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, so, um, I think some of your core values are your patience.
Nicole Roybal: And your family.
Nicole Roybal: Like to tell your mom.
Nicole Roybal: Oh, have a
Nicole Roybal: Good relationship.
Nicole Roybal: If you like it, and then
Nicole Roybal: I think you value.
Gwenevere Abriel: My job. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: But I'm
Nicole Roybal: Your money.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else
Nicole Roybal: Who about all your patients to have money, um,
Nicole Roybal: I don't know. I can only
Nicole Roybal: I don't know you, you know, so it's hard for me to just say like the like main little things anyone probably value.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, actually, you almost did a better job doing it with me. Then you did with yourself. So, how well do you
Nicole Roybal: Don't have much going on in my life. So I think that's why, like, I don't have a job to value. I just have basically my own life.
Nicole Roybal: And my family and I know
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, tell me my own life. Are you saying, literally, I care that I live or die. That's what you mean by life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, so we have life family, Daniel.
Nicole Roybal: Pretty much all I have in my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so these are the things I heard, I heard
Gwenevere Abriel: My outgoing I value my energy
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm nice
Gwenevere Abriel: And I like right I value that I can be at times blunt which catches that attitude piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I've heard you say this, which is a phrase.
Gwenevere Abriel: People can be good. What does that. What does that word what captures people can be good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I value. People can be good. What does that mean, what
Gwenevere Abriel: Leaving and others, leaving and others. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you believe that people are basically fundamentally good
Nicole Roybal: No, but I believe they can be
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you kind of, you kind of have that whole thing that I did on growth mindset that people can grow and that growth itself that evolution that you can evolve. You can mentor you can learn something and change and grow you believe that
Nicole Roybal: Yes, I do. I think that's actually why like I started thinking that way. You put a lot of these ideas in my head and they honestly they stick. A lot of the time.
Nicole Roybal: Subconsciously don't even realize it but I start to like
Nicole Roybal: You guys teach me a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to put
Gwenevere Abriel: We're kind of still looking for a word in there. But what I was thinking about when you said it was personal growth. I believe the people can grow, they can be good. So I don't use the word, good, bad, except when you guys are using it, but they can change.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they know
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you believe
Gwenevere Abriel: That your word and I want to clarify word a little bit more word can be used in a lot of different ways. I want people to believe my word. So in that that sentence. What is word I want people to believe my or they don't believe my word. What's word
Nicole Roybal: Well, not really believe, which is a value what I say. When I say it.
Nicole Roybal: Like I feel like when I say some people just think I'm just talking nonsense like don't
Nicole Roybal: Actually, listen to me, and I wish that people would actually value it and listen to what I'm saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, if you were listened to, um, would you feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Respect. If
Gwenevere Abriel: They listen to
Gwenevere Abriel: Respect.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, there's a lot of like a lot of time with Daniel my even my mom does it like I talk because I i over
Nicole Roybal: They use a lot of details and over talk a lot. You seen it with me, but I'm a lot of people. I noticed with me, they start to just kind of stopped listening.
Nicole Roybal: And just like I'll be talking and I'll be actually handed something important. And they just stopped listening to me. And so I block my place out and I'm just like, I'm trying to talk to you. I just started talking
Nicole Roybal: And you're already blew me out. So I just wish they would value more and listen to what I'm saying. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back. Remember the original question is what, who are you, so let me just see if this is true. Do you respect what you have to say.
Nicole Roybal: Yes.
You do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You value what you have to offer for opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Perspective.
Gwenevere Abriel: you value your opinion. I
Nicole Roybal: Feel like I do, I wouldn't get some people don't listen
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I agree to disagree on that one. I think it's the opposite.
Nicole Roybal: I don't even know. That's my point. Like, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: What we're talking about. We're talking about who you are. This is a great place to start. This is like a foundation, isn't it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a great place to start. So it's, you said you do respect what you have to say, we'll do the psycho analysis later but
Gwenevere Abriel: You do value your opinion.
Yeah, you said you
Gwenevere Abriel: Were gonna go with that. We're going to go with that one. And you value family and I'm assuming you're talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: That when it, when there's a value decision you're going to choose family over not family. That's how you know probably that you value family, you're going to defend their
Gwenevere Abriel: might somehow defend them in some way or whatever, they're all you're going to align with family, this time in this time in this time you're going to choose the value of family. Okay, and your own life. You've seen maybe yourself protect it when it's been in danger. You'll you want to live.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, and Daniel you value, Daniel.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you see in here is patience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Family job and money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything else you've seen
Gwenevere Abriel: It comes to mind as we over here on my side.
Nicole Roybal: I mean, I'm guessing you Bella, your kids, and all you have at least one
Gwenevere Abriel: So family separate than kids.
Nicole Roybal: Oh, no, no, it's not. You're right, you're right.
Now,
Nicole Roybal: I'm
Nicole Roybal: I am not sure I don't know much about us. I can't really put much insight into it because I don't know nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have witnessed
Gwenevere Abriel: me time and time again.
Gwenevere Abriel: In group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Representing
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't throw out my opinion. Every single time.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, that's true. So I'm guessing you value your opinion.
Nicole Roybal: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it just my opinion, is it just my opinion.
Not
Nicole Roybal: Like not just your opinion but like the advice and the words that you're giving to people and how you're helping them out.
Gwenevere Abriel: What am I feeling. Hey, hey, let me help you. Hey, let me help you. Okay. Well, what am I, what am I sharing is it my opinion, its function is to help. What am I sharing
Gwenevere Abriel: wisdom. Wisdom. Okay. Do you think I value wisdom. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where, where did I get where did I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was I born with it.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so wisdoms through life experience.
Nicole Roybal: At the same time,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm value wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: So all of the topics that I've brought up, you don't get a sense of what I value.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, everything that you value, you mean what
Gwenevere Abriel: Are some of the topics for example that I brought up in group.
Nicole Roybal: Out group. Oh.
Nicole Roybal: We
Got a lot of groups.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I was telling I value helping others right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay. And do I do it with my opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where I share my opinion alone. What am I doing
Nicole Roybal: Know you share with what you learn your wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I've learned. Where did I learn it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wisdom separate from learning now because we're pulling them apart. What it. Where did I learn it.
Nicole Roybal: I'm sure part school and part
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay wisdoms the life part. So there's school
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. So I finished school choose
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe 92
Gwenevere Abriel: I finished school graduate school. I think that possible 92 and 92
With graduate
Gwenevere Abriel: College. So it goes like this goes high school for four years, college for four years and then usually write about, then people kind of finally figure out what the heck they want to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then they do you could be an attorney that would take two years. You could be a therapist that takes two years. That's me. You could be, I think, a site colleges might have been for more i think i think i don't even know that just seemed daunting to me. I was like, I'm done, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Whoops.
Nicole Roybal: Sorry, you're good, you're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So high school so high school was four years college
Gwenevere Abriel: Graduate School commonly a master's degree is two years.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's after. So it's post graduate, you're going to hear that term postgraduate work. Oh, well I got my master's degree in
Gwenevere Abriel: This and this and this. You can do business. You could be an attorney, you could be a therapist, you could do lots of different things. There's lots of master's degrees out there. It means you really
Gwenevere Abriel: It's this it's this, it's that to this is graduate. It sounds weird right it's graduate school. It's those two years. Mr. It's, it's, it's a phrase. I'm so used to saying and and we realize and doing it, but it's post graduate so
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's, here's High School. Here's college and here's Graduate School graduate. It's weird, right. It sounds bizarre when I think I've never thought about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds weird, but it's after college.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, um, it's a very special like it means you're not taking art and science and Spanish. You're only taking
Gwenevere Abriel: classes that are only in your field.
Nicole Roybal: Oh, okay. See, I thought
Nicole Roybal: I've heard the term before, but I guess I didn't know what it was, um,
Nicole Roybal: But dang so you graduated when I was born.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's gotta be kidding me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I knew I was like, Dang. You guys are so young. I'm just like, really.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe crazy with this new pull
Gwenevere Abriel: This right
Gwenevere Abriel: Amy to you was born in 92
Gwenevere Abriel: doodle do
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at that 92 I graduated from high school in 88
Nicole Roybal: Oh, wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's crazy. I don't feel like that. I feel like how you look.
Nicole Roybal: You look very
Gwenevere Abriel: But notice that
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice
Gwenevere Abriel: You may actually be aware of what I value, you may actually be aware of what you value, but you may not have the words the vocabulary words to describe it. They're probably there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do with the little time we have, I want you to to to to to where is it. Here we go. She did tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you're going to be like oh yeah I value that meaning you would be blunt and speak up for it. You would defend it, you do, and you would act it out and you might make decisions based on it. It is the foundation that you make decisions. It's the foundation. We all do.
Gwenevere Abriel: They do change. And when you're so young, it might be fun. You might value fun I valued fun more than I do. Now it does change. Do you believe in accountability.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you believe in accuracy, like I really, I love precision. It's really important to me that there be accuracy achievement. I really want this degree. I want to get this high mark.
Gwenevere Abriel: Adventure. Oh, I want to do the same thing every day. I want to go. I'm going to you know what I'm going to grab $300 put a backpack on and I'm gonna walk across the country adventure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me neither. But, there they are. Thank goodness there's them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't be nobody walking across the country. That's for sure. How about altruism.
Gwenevere Abriel: So altruism is I give away my time my money. I give generously wanting nothing in return. I just, just give it altruism is sort of this
Gwenevere Abriel: Very generous thing you have that when you give this to your grandparents, you have that you give okay you have that assertiveness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you speak your mind that's in that space of blunt
Nicole Roybal: Is
Nicole Roybal: A good word for a
Gwenevere Abriel: Balance. It's really important that I have balance. I don't want to just work. I want to also play. I want to have spirituality. I want to have rest be someone who wants balance and they work at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Being the best for some people, you'll notice when that's the case. They have to be the best. They have to be the best that's really important. I got an A plus and I'm a winner. And so that would be someone's value.
Gwenevere Abriel: Belonging they really want to belong. They're going to be a part of clubs and memberships and community and fellowship and they want to belong. It's so important. I'm going to join this and join that and want to belong
Gwenevere Abriel: And boy,
Nicole Roybal: I do like about belonging, but on the way you said it more in the way of just
Nicole Roybal: Agreeing with everybody and trying to feed everyone's needs by
Nicole Roybal: Trying to be what they want me to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's let that word. I think you're going to find it, you're going to find it in here. Okay, I'm guessing, but it's there, it's probably not that one. So I'm bowl Ness boldness being bold so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's somewhere in that same spaces blunt, isn't it a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about calmness. Do you value calm. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what about careful, being careful
Nicole Roybal: Yeah definitely value that that's not the main thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you value challenge like this is so easy. I've been doing the same thing. I need, I need something a little bit more, or I'm learning and growing. I want to challenge this is I'm already used to this. I want it looks. I want to challenge.
Gwenevere Abriel: cheerfulness I value cheerfulness.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really important to me that I'm I'm cheerful kind of cherry.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about
Gwenevere Abriel: You say again.
Nicole Roybal: It's definitely something I value being cheerful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there you go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And clear. This one's clear minded that my mind be working clearly
Gwenevere Abriel: And the next one commitment I value commitment I have loyalty fidelity. When I say I'm going to follow through. I'm not gonna make excuses. I'm going to do everything I possibly can to keep that commitment.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a value, isn't it.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, what's it like it's tough for Now scroll through everything you like small things like I promised I'd mop the floor today and I didn't like
Gwenevere Abriel: So your commitment right now today might be a little lower, but other day is that might be higher. And so
Gwenevere Abriel: For some people, a value is community. You really want to make sure that they're involved with the community.
Gwenevere Abriel: Compassion. They want to continue to show people I care about what you're going through. And so they find ways to do that. I can see that in you, with your grandparents. I could see that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah definitely competitiveness, I like want to be set up in scenarios where I'm pitted against someone, it brings out the best
Gwenevere Abriel: In you, and you, you're like, Oh, well, if it's a challenge. Great. I'm going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to put all my energy into competing so competitiveness, you might know that about yourself and say, oh, I'm kind of competitive. I like that feeling. How about here you ran into this one earlier. Do you value confidence.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, definitely. I do I don't always have it when I do it differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to go through them quickly. And then we're going to circle back to the original question so value just assume I'm saying that word consistency contentment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Continuous Improvement contribution control cooperation correctness courage courtesy creativity curiosity decisiveness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Democratic Assemblyman think that's a word, but
Gwenevere Abriel: dependability, I see myself right determination.
Gwenevere Abriel: Developments that usually that word is us spiritually. I am. I'm very have a lot of faith diligence. When I put my mind to something to work hard discipline discretion diversity.
Gwenevere Abriel: dynamism economy, education effectiveness, efficiency elegance empathy enjoyment enthusiasm equality equity excellence excitement expertise exploration. These words right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, these are but a few
Gwenevere Abriel: Of the many, many values that people could have
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to go back and I want to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your original question to me was how do I tell Daniel does he love me for my looks or for who I am and I asked you. Who are you, you want him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Again,
Gwenevere Abriel: To feed you. What you don't even know about yourself. I think that might be a little unfair. Yes. True.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or not. But you see it, it's like, how about you first.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fall in love with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get into you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at those words and we didn't barely get through any of them.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I know. But if you read like stick out to me. I'm glad that you showed me that lives.
Gwenevere Abriel: So before you ask someone to fill that void.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know who you are. Before you say, How dare you don't love me for me girl. You can't even articulate who you are.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's true. You know, I'm playing, you can do whatever you want to
Nicole Roybal: Were asked him if I wanted to actually talk to you about it. So I wanted to be sure that I wasn't
Nicole Roybal: Approaching it before me to approach it, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So another way to look at this is
Gwenevere Abriel: Daniel
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you value the same things I value in me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hadn't thought about this question before I can tell you find me attractive. We have sex. You tell me. I'm pretty, but I never hear you say gang. You're funny. Dang. You're smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been feeling really insecure recently because I ain't got no job and hanging on my parents house and this Copa thing got me locked up and I'm like starting to question myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't even know myself.
Nicole Roybal: Oh my god.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You could tell him in real time how it feels when he says certain things to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: When you won't get off the video.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I just told you that I have something important. I want to talk to you about. I feel unimportant.
Nicole Roybal: Well, I've tried that. When you do this, I feel, and he just gets irritated with it. So I keep doing it. And he's just like, I get it, you feel a lot of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are facts and call
Gwenevere Abriel: Also, a fact that you didn't that time you throw your hands up. You went outside and smoked a cigarette.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You hope.
Gwenevere Abriel: That he will change.
Gwenevere Abriel: I doubt it, but you can if you
Nicole Roybal: Think that's what I get. So Max. I know he can, if he tries doesn't want
Gwenevere Abriel: If he doesn't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you fighting that fact and hoping it would be different.
I guess.
Nicole Roybal: We better a lot better lately have been really sweet but
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not either or there's very rare humans that are all one or the other.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's work to develop your sense of yourself. Who you are sort of before. You say, How dare you not love me for me right because
Nicole Roybal: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: You had a hard time identifying who are you
Gwenevere Abriel: So things you didn't say, just as an example. You didn't say you know i'm glad i can tell you value humor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I don't I don't hide that.
Nicole Roybal: Put out right when you don't have time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice you didn't say these things. So it's not only that you may not have the words for them. But you, you missed a whole bunch of stuff that I think I represent every single time that you see me and that's Humor, humility.
Gwenevere Abriel: The authentic self courage, curiosity, don't I do that like all the time.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I didn't think I didn't even think to even go towards that way of like those words like courage and curiosity. I didn't think about like traits. I was thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Traits interesting but you were perfectly fine with blunt with you.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I guess. Yeah, that's right. But I guess.
Nicole Roybal: Thinking like what does she have in her life that she really cares about. That's all I don't know. You know, I thought to think of what else
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I know you know i know you don't I meet you in the same place here and meet you right here. Right.
Nicole Roybal: Now, I think we talk more about me than we do, like you
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that you heard you got to see in real time. What do I show up representing over and over and over. Do I represent honesty assertiveness.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the one I think you were looking for earlier safety. I think you value safety. I think you value health and life, like you said, I value humor I evaluate courage.
Gwenevere Abriel: Courage insight I value psychological mindedness intelligence. There's humor again humor such a big one for me I value accountability. I show up here. And if I'm late. I apologize.
Gwenevere Abriel: I send you guys tax, right, that's, that's it. That's you get evidence in the world to see does she do what she says she's going to do, or she flaky.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does she hold yourself accountable.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to see my values, don't you, you get evidence of it in the world. What if I talked about how much partying. I did in high school and college what values would you see me representing in group and individual therapy if that's what I talked about
Nicole Roybal: per year. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I talk about that.
Nicole Roybal: Probably shouldn't be tying up
Gwenevere Abriel: I would be I would value your attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And I do that too. Sometimes I'll look like I'm attention seeking so maybe I'm Ed that day, maybe I want to find
Gwenevere Abriel: People I got a good audience here. You guys are laughing at me and I liked it. So maybe, maybe you you kind of maybe you're a little insecure when and so maybe that's what that is.
Gwenevere Abriel: But my point is we show up in a particular way. So when you want to look within just kind of be like, wait a minute, what do I represent notice with coven you represent again and again, your core value health life safety over and over and over. You keep representing don't you
Gwenevere Abriel: That's important to have that value. You want to be healthy. You want to be okay. You want a safe environment that might be a core value of yours, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: You keep standing up for it.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, it makes more sense. I think I have more of an idea of what values right now from the beginning as our to now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a better right yeah yeah
Nicole Roybal: Like
Nicole Roybal: I'm not sure if the word was that you use phrases like blink at words like just like
A category.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah. Yes. There you go.
I think I
Nicole Roybal: Don't know why am i know i care about and
Nicole Roybal: Mainly, just like my wife and I, how and everyone else's how
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly but but there's also things like harmony. Like, you will sacrifice clear communication.
Gwenevere Abriel: You will choose harmony between two people over speaking your truth because you don't want conflict. So you value you are manifesting you are representing I just want peace in this House, I just just want peace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like it or not. You represent
Gwenevere Abriel: You represent what those core values are
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, top of the hour, I gotta go run a group I ARE YOU WE confirming next Friday at 11
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we confirm next Friday at 11
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a next time. If you can text me the night before to confirm okay because I almost scheduled someone because I couldn't get ahold of you.
Nicole Roybal: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: My gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I can't hear a thing you're saying, I hope you can hear me we're scheduled for Friday at 11, make sure you confirm the night before.